.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/feature_pr.md, before:

---
name: New feature implementation
about: Implementation for a new idea
title:
labels: enhancement, tc2, needs triage
assignees:

---

### Related Issue
<!-- Number of the issue where this idea was proposed -->

### Implementation
<!-- A clear and concise description of the implemention -->

### Screenshots
<!-- Add screenshots of the implemented feature if applicable -->

### Checklist
<!-- You MUST answer "yes" to all of these to open a pull request -->
<!-- To tick a checkbox, place an 'x' in it, like so: [x] -->
- [ ] No other PRs implement this idea.
- [ ] This PR does not introduce any regressions.
- [ ] I certify that this PR is my own entirely original work, or I have permission from and have attributed the relevant authors.
- [ ] I have agreed to and signed this project's [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2).

<!-- You do NOT have to answer "yes" to the following, but please mark them if relevant -->
<!-- To tick a checkbox, place an 'x' in it, like so: [x] -->
- [ ] This PR targets the `master` branch.
- [ ] This idea has been filed as an issue.
- [ ] This PR has been built and locally tested on at least one platform.
- [ ] This PR has been tested on all platforms, on both a dedicated server and on a listen server.

### Testing Checklist
<!-- You do not have to test on all platforms to open a pull request -->
|         |            Client             |            Server             | Version                     |
|---------|:-----------------------------:|:-----------------------------:|-----------------------------|
| Windows | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- e.g. Windows 10 -->    |
|   Linux | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- `uname -vr` output --> |
|  Mac OS | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- e.g. Catalina -->      |

### Caveats
<!-- Any caveats and side effects of this implementation -->

### Alternatives
<!-- Alternative implementations that were considered -->

Commit message:

update pr templates to reflect contribution rule changes (#536)

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/feature_pr.md, after:

---
name: New feature implementation
about: Implementation for a new idea
title:
labels: enhancement, tc2, needs triage
assignees:

---

### Related Issue
<!-- Number of the issue where this idea was proposed -->

### Implementation
<!-- A clear and concise description of the implemention -->

### Screenshots
<!-- Add screenshots of the implemented feature if applicable -->

### Checklist
<!-- You MUST answer "yes" to all of these to open a pull request -->
<!-- To tick a checkbox, place an 'x' in it, like so: [x] -->
- [ ] No other PRs implement this idea.
- [ ] This PR does not introduce any regressions.
- [ ] I certify that this PR is my own entirely original work, or I have permission from and have attributed the relevant authors.
- [ ] I have agreed to and signed this project's [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2).
- [ ] This PR only contains changes to the engine and/or core game framework
- [ ] This PR targets the `community` branch.

<!-- You do NOT have to answer "yes" to the following, but please mark them if relevant -->
<!-- To tick a checkbox, place an 'x' in it, like so: [x] -->
- [ ] This idea has been filed as an issue.
- [ ] This PR has been built and locally tested on at least one platform.
- [ ] This PR has been tested on all platforms, on both a dedicated server and on a listen server.

### Testing Checklist
<!-- You do not have to test on all platforms to open a pull request -->
|         |            Client             |            Server             | Version                     |
|---------|:-----------------------------:|:-----------------------------:|-----------------------------|
| Windows | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- e.g. Windows 10 -->    |
|   Linux | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- `uname -vr` output --> |
|  Mac OS | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- Built, Tested or N/A --> | <!-- e.g. Catalina -->      |

### Caveats
<!-- Any caveats and side effects of this implementation -->

### Alternatives
<!-- Alternative implementations that were considered -->
