.github/README.md, before:

[![ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20me%20on-Ko--fi-FF5E5B.svg?logo=ko-fi&style=flat-square)](https://ko-fi.com/mastercoms)
[![Liberapay](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/receives/mastercoms.svg?logo=liberapay&style=flat-square)](https://liberapay.com/mastercoms/)
[![Steam donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate%20via-Steam-00adee.svg?style=flat-square&logo=steam)](https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=85845165&token=M9cQHh8N)
[![Join the Discord chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%23comtress--client-7289da.svg?style=flat-square&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/CuPb2zV)

# Welcome to Team Comtress 2!

### What *is* TC2?

Team Comtress 2 is a fork of an older version of Team Fortress 2, with a community development team fixing bugs, improving performance, and adding quality of life features, with the goal of having those changes pulled upstream by Valve to the modern game.

### What is TC2 *not*?

* **TC2 is *not* a "pro mod"**

While much of the work in TC2 will improve the competitive experience, TC2 does not touch gameplay, balance, or competitive rules.

* **TC2 is *not* a vision for the "good old days" of TF2**

TC2 will not feature game design changes, gameplay additions, or almost any form of new content. If you're looking for this kind of content, [Team Fortress 2 Classic](https://tf2classic.com/) is more up your alley.

* **TC2 is *not* the modern game, with new content/updates**

You're looking for [Creators.TF](https://creators.tf/).

* **TC2 is *not* an alternative, more stable game experience**

TC2 is based on the 2017 TF2 source code leak, which contained an in-development version of Jungle Inferno. This build is rife with issues and incomplete features, and ***is not compatible*** with the modern game client.

## How can I help?

1. **Report bugs that exist in live TF2 *or* TC2 through the [issues page](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/issues).**
	* Bugs that are present in modern TF2 but are not present in TC2 cannot be fixed in this project.
2. **Suggest quality of life improvements (*not balance changes*) through the [issues page](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/issues).**
	* These changes should not affect gameplay, and should be unanimously desired.
3. **Install TC2 and play the game to test stability, bugfixes, and performance.**
	* As a separate game, you cannot play normal TF2 matchmaking. You can *only* connect to TC2 servers.
	* Information about multiplayer playtests can be found [on our Discord server](https://discord.gg/CuPb2zV).

## Basic Installation

New users should follow this approach.

1. Copy your current `Team Fortress 2` installation to a new folder.
2. In your copied TF2 folder, delete the `tf/custom` folder, as well as `tf/cfg/autoexec.cfg`, `tf/cfg/config.cfg`, and any class configs (such as `heavyweapons.cfg` or `spy.cfg`).
	* Do *not* delete the entire `tf/cfg` folder!
3. [Download](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/releases/latest) `game_clean.zip` from the latest release.
4. ![Unblock ZIP](https://support.winzip.com/hc/article_attachments/360059191533/unblock3.png) <br> Right click on the ZIP, open Properties, and then Unblock it to speed up extraction and prevent conflicts with anti-virus software triggering false positives.
5. Extract the downloaded ZIP to your copied TF2 folder, overwriting existing files.
6. On your Steam Library, right click TF2, click properties then open the "Updates" tab and untick the option "Enable Steam Cloud Synchronization for TF2".
7. Double click `start_tf2.bat`. Note that you must have Steam running.
8. Enjoy!

*Advanced installation instructions (for contributors and developers) [can be found here](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Advanced-Installation-Instructions).*

## For players:

### [Things to keep in mind with TC2](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Things-to-keep-in-mind-with-TC2)
### [New console commands and launch options](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/New-console-commands-and-launch-options)

## For developers:

### [Windows Build Instructions](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Windows-Build-Instructions)
### [Linux Build Instructions](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Linux-Build-Instructions)

## Legal

Valve, the Valve logo, Steam, the Steam logo, Team Fortress, the Team Fortress logo, Source, the Source logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.

Team Comtress 2 is not sponsored, endorsed, licensed by, or affiliated with Valve Corporation.

See license for details.

Commit message:

Include `tf/addons` as a folder that has to be deleted (#466)

.github/README.md, after:

[![ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20me%20on-Ko--fi-FF5E5B.svg?logo=ko-fi&style=flat-square)](https://ko-fi.com/mastercoms)
[![Liberapay](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/receives/mastercoms.svg?logo=liberapay&style=flat-square)](https://liberapay.com/mastercoms/)
[![Steam donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate%20via-Steam-00adee.svg?style=flat-square&logo=steam)](https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=85845165&token=M9cQHh8N)
[![Join the Discord chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%23comtress--client-7289da.svg?style=flat-square&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/CuPb2zV)

# Welcome to Team Comtress 2!

### What *is* TC2?

Team Comtress 2 is a fork of an older version of Team Fortress 2, with a community development team fixing bugs, improving performance, and adding quality of life features, with the goal of having those changes pulled upstream by Valve to the modern game.

### What is TC2 *not*?

* **TC2 is *not* a "pro mod"**

While much of the work in TC2 will improve the competitive experience, TC2 does not touch gameplay, balance, or competitive rules.

* **TC2 is *not* a vision for the "good old days" of TF2**

TC2 will not feature game design changes, gameplay additions, or almost any form of new content. If you're looking for this kind of content, [Team Fortress 2 Classic](https://tf2classic.com/) is more up your alley.

* **TC2 is *not* the modern game, with new content/updates**

You're looking for [Creators.TF](https://creators.tf/).

* **TC2 is *not* an alternative, more stable game experience**

TC2 is based on the 2017 TF2 source code leak, which contained an in-development version of Jungle Inferno. This build is rife with issues and incomplete features, and ***is not compatible*** with the modern game client.

## How can I help?

1. **Report bugs that exist in live TF2 *or* TC2 through the [issues page](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/issues).**
	* Bugs that are present in modern TF2 but are not present in TC2 cannot be fixed in this project.
2. **Suggest quality of life improvements (*not balance changes*) through the [issues page](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/issues).**
	* These changes should not affect gameplay, and should be unanimously desired.
3. **Install TC2 and play the game to test stability, bugfixes, and performance.**
	* As a separate game, you cannot play normal TF2 matchmaking. You can *only* connect to TC2 servers.
	* Information about multiplayer playtests can be found [on our Discord server](https://discord.gg/CuPb2zV).

## Basic Installation

New users should follow this approach.

1. Copy your current `Team Fortress 2` installation to a new folder.
2. In your copied TF2 folder, delete the `tf/custom` and `tf/addons` folders if you have them, as well as `tf/cfg/autoexec.cfg`, `tf/cfg/config.cfg`, and any class configs (such as `heavyweapons.cfg` or `spy.cfg`).
	* Do *not* delete the entire `tf/cfg` folder!
3. [Download](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/releases/latest) `game_clean.zip` from the latest release.
4. ![Unblock ZIP](https://support.winzip.com/hc/article_attachments/360059191533/unblock3.png) <br> Right click on the ZIP, open Properties, and then Unblock it to speed up extraction and prevent conflicts with anti-virus software triggering false positives.
5. Extract the downloaded ZIP to your copied TF2 folder, overwriting existing files.
6. On your Steam Library, right click TF2, click properties then open the "Updates" tab and untick the option "Enable Steam Cloud Synchronization for TF2".
7. Double click `start_tf2.bat`. Note that you must have Steam running.
8. Enjoy!

*Advanced installation instructions (for contributors and developers) [can be found here](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Advanced-Installation-Instructions).*

## For players:

### [Things to keep in mind with TC2](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Things-to-keep-in-mind-with-TC2)
### [New console commands and launch options](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/New-console-commands-and-launch-options)

## For developers:

### [Windows Build Instructions](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Windows-Build-Instructions)
### [Linux Build Instructions](https://github.com/mastercomfig/team-comtress-2/wiki/Linux-Build-Instructions)

## Legal

Valve, the Valve logo, Steam, the Steam logo, Team Fortress, the Team Fortress logo, Source, the Source logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.

Team Comtress 2 is not sponsored, endorsed, licensed by, or affiliated with Valve Corporation.

See license for details.
